More bootstrap docs tweaks (#47809)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/important-settings/discovery-settings.asciidoc

themselves. As this auto-bootstrapping is <<modules-discovery-quorums,inherently
unsafe>>, when you start a brand new cluster in <<dev-vs-prod-mode,production
mode>>, you must explicitly list the master-eligible nodes whose votes should be
counted in the very first election. This list is set using the

> `cluster.initial_master_nodes` setting. You should not set this setting when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster.initial_master_nodes` setting. You should not use this setting when
```

> restarting a cluster or when joining a new node to an existing cluster.

Reviewer: The `when` following `or` is unneeded. 
```suggestion
restarting a cluster or adding a new node to an existing cluster.
```
